>>> I BELIEVE PRINCE MOHAMMAD
>>> I BELIEVE PRINCE MOHAMMAD DID KNOW WHAT WAS GOING ON.
DID KNOW WHAT WAS GOING ON. SOMEBODY GAVE THE ORDER AND
SOMEBODY GAVE THE ORDER AND EITHER HE GAVE IT OR WATCHED IT
EITHER HE GAVE IT OR WATCHED IT BEING GIVEN TO GUT MR. KHASHOGGI
BEING GIVEN TO GUT MR. KHASHOGGI LIKE A FISH.
LIKE A FISH. >> IF YOU WANT TO BUY OUR
>> IF YOU WANT TO BUY OUR WEAPONS AND INTEGRATE YOUR
WEAPONS AND INTEGRATE YOUR ECONOMY INTO OURS, THERE IS A
ECONOMY INTO OURS, THERE IS A CERTAIN PRICE TO BE PAID.
CERTAIN PRICE TO BE PAID. DON’T CHOP SOMEBODY UP IN A
DON’T CHOP SOMEBODY UP IN A CONSULATE.
CONSULATE. THAT’S NOT TOO MUCH TO ASK.
THAT’S NOT TOO MUCH TO ASK. >> WOW.
>> WOW. THOSE ARE OUTSPOKEN REPUBLICANS.
THOSE ARE OUTSPOKEN REPUBLICANS. WELCOME BACK TO "HARDBALL."
WELCOME BACK TO "HARDBALL." LINDSEY GRAHAM, BOTH REPUBLICANS
LINDSEY GRAHAM, BOTH REPUBLICANS MAKING THE CASE AGAINST SAUDI
MAKING THE CASE AGAINST SAUDI ARABIA IN THE MURDER OF
ARABIA IN THE MURDER OF JOURNALIST JAMAL KHASHOGGI.
JOURNALIST JAMAL KHASHOGGI. GRAHAM IS ONE OF THE CO-AUTHORS
GRAHAM IS ONE OF THE CO-AUTHORS OF A BIPARTISAN SENATE
OF A BIPARTISAN SENATE RESOLUTION INTRODUCED YESTERDAY
RESOLUTION INTRODUCED YESTERDAY CALLED SAUDI CROWN PRINCE
CALLED SAUDI CROWN PRINCE MOHAMMED BIN SALMAN OR MBS
MOHAMMED BIN SALMAN OR MBS COMPLICIT.
COMPLICIT. ACTUALLY, THAT’S BEING NICE.
ACTUALLY, THAT’S BEING NICE. I THINK HE ORDERED IT IN
I THINK HE ORDERED IT IN KHASHOGGI’S MURDER.
KHASHOGGI’S MURDER. PRESIDENT TRUMP HAS APPARENTLY
PRESIDENT TRUMP HAS APPARENTLY DISMISSED CHARGES OF MBS’ ROLE
DISMISSED CHARGES OF MBS’ ROLE IN KHASHOGGI’S DEATH, BUT A NEW
IN KHASHOGGI’S DEATH, BUT A NEW REPORT HAS ONCE AGAIN RAISED
REPORT HAS ONCE AGAIN RAISED QUESTIONS ABOUT TRUMP’S VOCAL
QUESTIONS ABOUT TRUMP’S VOCAL DEFENSE OF THE SAUDI GOVERNMENT
DEFENSE OF THE SAUDI GOVERNMENT AND HIS OWN FINANCIAL
AND HIS OWN FINANCIAL ENTANGLEMENTS WITH THAT REGIME.
ENTANGLEMENTS WITH THAT REGIME. ACCORDING TO "THE WASHINGTON
ACCORDING TO "THE WASHINGTON POST," SAUDI-BACKED LOBBYISTS
POST," SAUDI-BACKED LOBBYISTS PAID FOR 500 ROOMS AT THE
PAID FOR 500 ROOMS AT THE PRESIDENT’S HOTEL HERE IN
PRESIDENT’S HOTEL HERE IN WASHINGTON JUST THREE MONTHS
WASHINGTON JUST THREE MONTHS AFTER THE 2016 ELECTION.
AFTER THE 2016 ELECTION. THE REPORT NOTES THAT LOBBYISTS
THE REPORT NOTES THAT LOBBYISTS SPENT MORE THAN $270,000 TO
SPENT MORE THAN $270,000 TO HOUSE SIX GROUPS OF VISITING
HOUSE SIX GROUPS OF VISITING U.S. VETERANS AT THE TRUMP
U.S. VETERANS AT THE TRUMP HOTEL, WHICH TRUMP STILL OWNS.
HOTEL, WHICH TRUMP STILL OWNS. THE LOBBYISTS WHO RAN THE TRIP
THE LOBBYISTS WHO RAN THE TRIP SAY THEY CHOSE TRUMP’S HOTEL
SAY THEY CHOSE TRUMP’S HOTEL STRICTLY BECAUSE IT OFFERED A
STRICTLY BECAUSE IT OFFERED A DISCOUNT FROM THAT RATE AND HAD
DISCOUNT FROM THAT RATE AND HAD ROOMS AVAILABLE, NOT TO CURRY
ROOMS AVAILABLE, NOT TO CURRY FAVOR WITH THE PRESIDENT.
FAVOR WITH THE PRESIDENT. I’M JOINED NOW BY WASHINGTON
I’M JOINED NOW BY WASHINGTON STATE DEMOCRATIC CONGRESSMAN
STATE DEMOCRATIC CONGRESSMAN DENNY HECK, WHO SITS ON THE
DENNY HECK, WHO SITS ON THE HOUSE INTELLIGENCE COMMITTEE.
HOUSE INTELLIGENCE COMMITTEE. WHAT’S THE SMELL OF THIS SEEM
WHAT’S THE SMELL OF THIS SEEM LIKE TO YOU?
LIKE TO YOU? THAT’S A LOT OF MONEY.
THAT’S A LOT OF MONEY. ABOUT $300,000.
ABOUT $300,000. >> THE SMELL OF THAT IS THE KIND
>> THE SMELL OF THAT IS THE KIND HALF WANTS YOU TO GRAB YOUR
HALF WANTS YOU TO GRAB YOUR NOSTRILS BY YOUR THUMB AND INDEX
NOSTRILS BY YOUR THUMB AND INDEX FINGER AND SQUEEZE TIGHTLY.
FINGER AND SQUEEZE TIGHTLY. LOOK, THIS IS POTENTIALLY THE
LOOK, THIS IS POTENTIALLY THE VIOLATION OF WHO KNOWS HOW MANY
VIOLATION OF WHO KNOWS HOW MANY CONFLICT OF INTEREST STATUTES.
CONFLICT OF INTEREST STATUTES. IT CERTAINLY RAISES THE ISSUE OF
IT CERTAINLY RAISES THE ISSUE OF THE EMOLUMENTS CLAUSE OF THE
THE EMOLUMENTS CLAUSE OF THE CONSTITUTION.
CONSTITUTION. THERE ARE THREE MENTIONS OF
THERE ARE THREE MENTIONS OF EMOLUMENTS CLAUSE IN THE
EMOLUMENTS CLAUSE IN THE CONTUSION, ONE IN ARTICLE I, TWO
CONTUSION, ONE IN ARTICLE I, TWO IN ARTICLE II, WHICH REQUIRE THE
IN ARTICLE II, WHICH REQUIRE THE PRESIDENT TO REPORT TO CONGRESS,
PRESIDENT TO REPORT TO CONGRESS, SUBMIT TO CANNING ANY GIFT OR
SUBMIT TO CANNING ANY GIFT OR RECEIPT OF GIFT FROM A GOVERN
RECEIPT OF GIFT FROM A GOVERN GOVERNMENT WHICH HE’S ABSOLUTELY
GOVERNMENT WHICH HE’S ABSOLUTELY REFUSED TO DO.
REFUSED TO DO. THAT’S NOT SURPRISE.
THAT’S NOT SURPRISE. HE’S THE LEAST TRANSPARENT, THE
HE’S THE LEAST TRANSPARENT, THE MOST OPAQUE PRESIDENT IN
MOST OPAQUE PRESIDENT IN HISTORY.
HISTORY. >> BY THE WAY, PRESIDENTS, EVEN
>> BY THE WAY, PRESIDENTS, EVEN WHEN THEY GET A GIFT, A HORSE OR
WHEN THEY GET A GIFT, A HORSE OR A PONY OR A VASE OR ANYTHING OR
A PONY OR A VASE OR ANYTHING OR A RING FROM A FOREIGN GOVERNMENT
A RING FROM A FOREIGN GOVERNMENT IT.
IT. THEY HAVE TO LOOK AT IT,
THEY HAVE TO LOOK AT IT, APPRECIATE IT AND THEN GIVE IT
APPRECIATE IT AND THEN GIVE IT TO THE NATIONAL ARCHIVES.
TO THE NATIONAL ARCHIVES. THEY CAN’T TAKE ANYTHING.
THEY CAN’T TAKE ANYTHING. >> LET US REMIND VIEWERS THIS IS
>> LET US REMIND VIEWERS THIS IS THE NO ONLY IN THE CONSTITUTION
THE NO ONLY IN THE CONSTITUTION BUT WHAT ALL MODERN PRESIDENTS
BUT WHAT ALL MODERN PRESIDENTS HAVE DONE.
HAVE DONE. PRESIDENT KENNEDY REFUSED IN
PRESIDENT KENNEDY REFUSED IN PART TO ACCEPT HONORARY
PART TO ACCEPT HONORARY CITIZENSHIP IN HIS ANCESTRAL
CITIZENSHIP IN HIS ANCESTRAL HOMELAND IN IRELAND BECAUSE OF
HOMELAND IN IRELAND BECAUSE OF THIS.
THIS. PRESIDENT CARTER WAS ACTUALLY
PRESIDENT CARTER WAS ACTUALLY REQUIRED TO SELL HIS FAMILY
REQUIRED TO SELL HIS FAMILY PEANUT FARM THAT HAD BEEN IN THE
PEANUT FARM THAT HAD BEEN IN THE FAMILY I DON’T KNOW HOW MANY
FAMILY I DON’T KNOW HOW MANY GENERATIONS BECAUSE OF THIS.
GENERATIONS BECAUSE OF THIS. ALL OTHER PRESIDENTS RESPECT
ALL OTHER PRESIDENTS RESPECT THIS EXCEPT THIS ONE.
THIS EXCEPT THIS ONE. >> DO YOU GET A SENSE THE SAUDIS
>> DO YOU GET A SENSE THE SAUDIS ARE BUYING OUR PRESIDENT?
ARE BUYING OUR PRESIDENT? >> BUYING AS IN -- BUYING OR
>> BUYING AS IN -- BUYING OR BOUGHT?
BOUGHT? >> YOUR TENSE IS UP TO YOU.
>> YOUR TENSE IS UP TO YOU. >> WELL, LISTEN --
>> WELL, LISTEN -- >> DO YOU THINK THEY’RE --
>> DO YOU THINK THEY’RE -- THEY’RE PUTTING -- BUYING HOTELS
THEY’RE PUTTING -- BUYING HOTELS AT HIS HOTEL TO CURRY FAVOR WITH
AT HIS HOTEL TO CURRY FAVOR WITH OUR PRESIDENT?
OUR PRESIDENT? >> IF THEY WEREN’T, WHY ISN’T HE
>> IF THEY WEREN’T, WHY ISN’T HE REVEALING IT?
REVEALING IT? WHY ISN’T HE SUBMITTING IT TO
WHY ISN’T HE SUBMITTING IT TO CONGRESS?
CONGRESS? WHY ISN’T HE BEING MORE
WHY ISN’T HE BEING MORE TRANSPARENT?
TRANSPARENT? WHAT HAS HE GOT TO HIDE.
WHAT HAS HE GOT TO HIDE. >> I’D LIKE TO KNOW THE WHOLE
>> I’D LIKE TO KNOW THE WHOLE THING ABOUT THE GUY.
THING ABOUT THE GUY. I CAN’T FIGURE OUT THE PRESIDENT
I CAN’T FIGURE OUT THE PRESIDENT IN THIS REGARD.
IN THIS REGARD. ORIGINALLY I GAVE HIM THE
ORIGINALLY I GAVE HIM THE BENEFIT OF THE DOUBT.
BENEFIT OF THE DOUBT. I THOUGHT HE WAS TRYING TO
I THOUGHT HE WAS TRYING TO DEVELOP SOME BIG DEAL WITHED THE
DEVELOP SOME BIG DEAL WITHED THE SAUDIS THAT WAS GOING TO BE GOOD
SAUDIS THAT WAS GOING TO BE GOOD FOR EVERYBODY AND LATELY I GET
FOR EVERYBODY AND LATELY I GET THE FEELING IT’S A LOT MORE
THE FEELING IT’S A LOT MORE PETTY REASON.
PETTY REASON. >> IT’S LONG PAST TIME FOR US TO
>> IT’S LONG PAST TIME FOR US TO RE-EVALUATE OUR RELATIONSHIP
RE-EVALUATE OUR RELATIONSHIP WITH SAUDI ARABIA, THAT’S FOR
WITH SAUDI ARABIA, THAT’S FOR SURE.
SURE. LISTEN, IF THEY WANT TO BE A
LISTEN, IF THEY WANT TO BE A MEMBER OF THE COMMUNITY OF
MEMBER OF THE COMMUNITY OF CIVILIZED NATIONS THEY HAVE TO
CIVILIZED NATIONS THEY HAVE TO BEGIN ACTING LIKE IT AND
BEGIN ACTING LIKE IT AND ORDERING THE MURDER OF A
ORDERING THE MURDER OF A JOURNALIST CERTAINLY DOESN’T --
JOURNALIST CERTAINLY DOESN’T -- >> HOW SOUND IS THAT -- YOU’RE
>> HOW SOUND IS THAT -- YOU’RE ON THE COMMITTEE.
ON THE COMMITTEE. HOW SOUND IS THE CIA CASE THAT
HOW SOUND IS THE CIA CASE THAT MBS, THE PRINCE, ORDERED THIS
MBS, THE PRINCE, ORDERED THIS KILLING?
KILLING? >> OBVIOUSLY, CHRIS, I CAN’T
>> OBVIOUSLY, CHRIS, I CAN’T REVEAL WHAT IT IS THAT WE’VE
REVEAL WHAT IT IS THAT WE’VE BEEN BRIEFED ON THAT IS OF A
BEEN BRIEFED ON THAT IS OF A CLASSIFIED NATURE, BUT I SIT
CLASSIFIED NATURE, BUT I SIT HERE BEFORE YOU AND I TELL YOU I
HERE BEFORE YOU AND I TELL YOU I AGREE WITH SENATOR CORKER WHO
AGREE WITH SENATOR CORKER WHO SAID IF THIS WAS IN FRONT OF A
SAID IF THIS WAS IN FRONT OF A COURT OF LAW, THIS GUY WOULD BE
COURT OF LAW, THIS GUY WOULD BE CONVICTED WITHIN 30 MINUTES.
CONVICTED WITHIN 30 MINUTES. >> MIKE POMPEO IS BACKING UP THE
>> MIKE POMPEO IS BACKING UP THE PRESIDENT, WHY?
PRESIDENT, WHY? >> WHO KNOWS.
>> WHO KNOWS. >> MATTIS, THE SECRETARY OF
>> MATTIS, THE SECRETARY OF DEFENSE IS BACKING -- THEY’RE
DEFENSE IS BACKING -- THEY’RE ALL TOGETHER ON THIS.
ALL TOGETHER ON THIS. >> NO, THEY’RE NOT.
>> NO, THEY’RE NOT. CHRIS, THEY’RE NOT.
CHRIS, THEY’RE NOT. WHY IS IT THAT OUR CLASSIFIED
WHY IS IT THAT OUR CLASSIFIED BRIEFING FOR ALL MEMBERS OF THE
BRIEFING FOR ALL MEMBERS OF THE HOUSE NEXT WEEK INCLUDES
HOUSE NEXT WEEK INCLUDES SECRETARY OF STATE POMPEO,
SECRETARY OF STATE POMPEO, SECRETARY OF DEFENSE JIM MATTIS
SECRETARY OF DEFENSE JIM MATTIS BUT NOT THE DIRECTOR OF THE CIA
BUT NOT THE DIRECTOR OF THE CIA GINA HASPEL?
GINA HASPEL? WHY IS THAT?